pkg/dmsg/testing.md, before:

# Testing

This document is to specify the tests currently missing within `dmsg` (and that should be tested).

## Integration Tests

### Fault Injection testing

The individual entities of `dmsg` (`dmsg.Client` and `dmsg.Server`), should be capable of dealing with erroneous (and in the future, malicious) behaviour of remote entities.

Note that even though `messaging-discovery` is also considered to be an entity of `dmsg`, however it's mechanics are simple and will not be tested here.

#### Ensure that `Client.Serve()` does not hang

**`failed_accepts_should_not_result_in_hang`**

- Given:
  - clientA is connected to clientB via a server.
  - clientB is NOT calling `.Accept()`.
  - clientA dials transports to clientB until failure.
- When:
  - clientA tries to dial to clientC.
  - clientC tries to dial to clientA.
- Then:
  - Transports established should still read/write as expected.

**`failed_accepts_should_not_result_in_hang_2`**

- Given:
  - clientA has transports established with various remotes.
  - The transports are being written/read to in a continuous loop.
- When:
  - clientA dials to clientB (which is not calling `.Accept()`) until failure.
- Then:
  - read/writes to existing transports should not hang.

**`capped_transport_buffer_should_not_result_in_hang`**

- Given:
  - A transport is establised between clientA and clientB.
  - clientA writes to clientB until clientB's buffer is capped

### Fuzz testing

We should test the robustness of the system under different conditions and random order of events. Integration-based tests should be written consisiting of x-number of servers, clients and a single

Commit message:

Improved transport.Read for dmsg and updated testing.md

pkg/dmsg/testing.md, after:

# Testing

This document is to specify the tests currently missing within `dmsg` (and that should be tested).

## Integration Tests

### Fault Injection testing

The individual entities of `dmsg` (`dmsg.Client` and `dmsg.Server`), should be capable of dealing with erroneous (and in the future, malicious) behaviour of remote entities.

Note that even though `messaging-discovery` is also considered to be an entity of `dmsg`, however it's mechanics are simple and will not be tested here.

#### Ensure that `Client.Serve()` does not hang

**`failed_accepts_should_not_result_in_hang`**

- Given:
  - clientA is connected to clientB via a server.
  - There is already a single transport established between clientA and clientB.
  - The single transport is being written/read to/from in a continuous loop.
- When:
  - clientA dials transports to clientB until failure (in which clientB does not call `.Accept()`).
- Then:
  - Read/writes to/from the existing transport should still work.

**`capped_transport_buffer_should_not_result_in_hang`**

- Given:
  - A transport is establised between clientA and clientB.
  - clientA writes to clientB until clientB's buffer is capped (or in other words, clientA's write blocks).
- When:
  - clientB dials to clientA and begins reading/writing to/from the newly established transport.
- Then:
  - It should work as expected still.

`reconnect_to_server_should_succeed`

- TODO.

### Fuzz testing

We should test the robustness of the system under different conditions and random order of events. These tests should be written consisiting of x-number of servers, clients and a single discovery.

TODO.
